Add requirement of feature tag helper explanation to README (#311)
microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet: README.md

</feature>
```

> The tag helper can encompass multiple features. By listing all feature names, separated by commas, and specifing the `requirement` in the example below, the content is only rendered if `FeatureX` and `FeatureY` are both enabled.

Reviewer: As a reader, I think negate concept makes sense to come before requirement concept.

> The tag helper can encompass multiple features. By listing all feature names, separated by commas, and specifing the `requirement` in the example below, the content is only rendered if `FeatureX` and `FeatureY` are both enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<feature>` tag can reference multiple features by specifying a comma separated list of features in the name attribute.

/// HTML+Razor
<feature name="FeatureX,FeatureY">
  <p>This can only be seen if 'FeatureX' and 'FeatureY' are enabled.</p>
</feature>

By default, all listed features must be enabled for the feature tag to be rendered. This behavior can be overidden by adding the `requirement` attribute as seen in the example below.

/// HTML+Razor
<feature name="FeatureX,FeatureY" requirement="Any">
  <p>This can only be seen if either 'FeatureX' or 'FeatureY' or both are enabled.</p>
</feature>

```
